ladies and gentlemen in the red corner
headed from London England the
self-proclaimed middleweight react the
champion of the world
I was good takers welcome back to the
first take now we have an interesting
one today
no sign different Bollywood movie so us
if Khan was hollering at me up on a
Google Plus want me to check out
brothers now the reason why this was a
bit of an exception for me to check out
was the fact that it's a remake of
warriors film that came out a few years
back with Tom Hardy which I loved and
it's about MMA which yeah I love and
apparently they've kept that MMA slant
to it
so I'm really really interested to see
how they've adapted that within the
style of a Bollywood movie now I wasn't
going to react to this originally
because my buddy of mine has a Bollywood
reaction channel so we kind of agreed
that I wouldn't really deal with that
let him deal with those Bollywood films
and we wouldn't be stepping on each
other's toes but this was a request from
a viewer who's always been pretty
frequent with his request sir you know
but boy I was like go ahead do it he was
cool with it and they've also done a
reaction to it which I'm gonna put that
Nash you can click on them so go support
man it's a new channel and they're
already any as far as I know but with
reaction channels out there so support
em show them some love my boys arms
always been up and they're doing reviews
with me so return it so anyway let's get
to this film brothers the only person in
this that I recognize is uh Akshay Kumar
Yeah right I reckon I see him I don't
but are you ready but are you ready
hey our tears alligator I'm gonna
David Fernandez jumped up with Ishita a
dockworker take full-time hydroponically
I think McCollum only Fernandez disk as
a thank you video internet welcome again
David up KBT Kimmy's birthday in a hot
pan soda okay Betty Betty go couch again
to map Napa mafioso fight urbanite NOS
omnia yeah you get any old every major
cyber otto David Jessica ha ha ha Big
John sticky
te hemara because of that we've got a
fight
whoa fuck
Oh
job mistake - Nikias kisses allottee
Rivini
like the first certain pocket coloring
them
ladies and gentlemen this is the biggest
spectacle the country's ever seen this
is happy
you even deserve beyond the data my
deserve curtain in a hegemony junta the
committee family you just threw this up
Nikita arterial or hair go peyote
that just redefined everything or for I
knew about Bollywood films now see
interfere spoke more than a few over the
years because of all of Asian bodies but
am that is way more gritty than I would
have ever expected it would be like it
has some of the elements that you
associate with the one with the slow
motion the romance shots but it had crit
like I'm seeing that I am seeing that
awesome thank you for suggesting that
one yeah that definitely I don't know
what to say I am impressed
seriously now I've known that bullet
movies have been stepping up over the
years
now the miss the budgets have always
been up there you know they're being
slick for a long time if you haven't
watched one of the films any time in the
last 10-15 years and you may not be
aware but they're not budget films like
they're big scale scope films you know
reason why they don't ways always
translates because Western audience we
still got used to the whole romance
heavy melodramatic aspect of a lot of
Bollywood films you know with the songs
and the dancing it's a sometimes can be
a strange mix but this yeah you know
what's a good sign of a good remake is
the fact that if it can make you
legitimately forget about the film that
is a remake of while watching that
trailer
I literally kept forgetting that this is
warrior this is a remake of warrior Tom
Hardy's warrior I was literally just
watching it and just taking it for what
it was as its own creation you know and
that's that's a good sign I definitely
will be checking for that because that
looks a lot of fun it looks interesting
on fascinate oh yeah dude
so yeah a thank you for that one man
that in a world how many of you who have
never seen a boyhood film would give
that a go now I've seen a few and I'm
definitely gonna go see it I'm curious
to see how many people who have no
experience of the genre really one of
who have had the interest tweet by and
just want to go check it out let me know
write comments down below give me a
thumbs up like the video pretty
subscribe a MIDI reason this is being my
first take two brothers baby oh like
that
you